---
layout: post
title:  "resume"
date:   2019-12-19
excerpt: "A resume about Zhou Yue."
project: true
tag:
- resume
- Yue

---



# Zhou Yue 

#### Chongqing University of Education

#### Liangping, Chongqing

#### 2548618596@qq.com 

#### 15696463596



## SUMMARY

A four-year undergraduate, majoring in English. The ability of professional translation knowledge and skills. Have the certificate of Test for English Majors 4 and other certificates. Used to be a teaching assistant and a hosting teacher. Know about how to get along with children through these working experience. Host the confidence to be a good teacher.



## EDUCATION

#### Bachelor of Translation 

Chongqing University of Education 2016 – 2020 

Average scores: 78

Interpretation, Translation, Consecutive Interpreting British and American Literature, English Linguistics Comprehensive English, English Visual-Audile-Oral English Reading & Writing, Localization Translation



## WORK EXPERIENCE

#### Teaching Assistant 

Shanhu Experimental Primary School, Chongqing

 Aug 2018 – Sep 2018 

Help teachers complete classroom teaching for fourth- grade students, distribute assignments and classroom aids, maintain classroom order, and answer questions for students. At the end of a class, students can complete the task on their own and teach smoothly.

####  Hosting Teacher 

Zhuoer&Xueyi Education, Si Gongli Sep 2019 – Dec 2019

 As a hosting teacher, responsible for a total of seven students in the class, including grade 5 and grade 6. The main job is to help students with their homework, correct their homework and explain the mistakes and problems they don't know.



## AWARD

Test for English Majors 4 

College English Test Band 4 

College English Test Band 6 

Mandarin two B certificate 

Third Prize for Comprehensive Scholarship

National Computer Rank Examination Certificate Grade 2 


